fix: resolve scale issues (#2023)
PortsMaster/PortMaster-New: ports/casebot_express/README.md

## Notes

Thanks to Nerd Monkeys for creating this game.

Also thanks to BARATA Software for the packaging for PortMaster

### Game Details:

* Genre: Comedy / Detective / Point-and-Click Adventure
* Languages: Portuguese & English
* Platforms: PC and Consoles
* Developer: Nerd Monkeys
* Inspired by classic adventure games, this title combines witty dialogue, intriguing puzzles, and a distinctive visual style to deliver a unique storytelling experience.
 
### About Nerd Monkeys:

> Founded in April 2013, [Nerd Monkeys](https://www.linkedin.com/company/nerd-monkeys) is a Portuguese game development and publishing studio passionate about captivating storytelling, unique visuals, and meaningful gameplay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Founded in April 2013, [Nerd Monkeys](https://nerdmonkeys.itch.io) is a Portuguese game development and publishing studio passionate about captivating storytelling, unique visuals, and meaningful gameplay.
```
